# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

## Week Three Down!
- This was definatly the hardest week for me if you couldnt tell by journals. everyday i felt behind or i wasnt getting something and was slipping into the habit of just copying the references. but i went and talked to jake and he helped me get through the hard process of small spurts of done. and it worked past the pressure. but now at the end of the week i am starting to see how to write my own functions or plan out what i am trying to do. what went well is with the gregslist i was able to get houses down without looking at the references and it was showing that with the repitition i was starting to understand a little bit more. friday i had a little bit of a challange i felt a little burnt out but i started to track the time i worked and took breaks every hour and i started to work so much more efficiently, im so happy i was able to get this prodject done and made it through my hardest week. i am struggling specifically with how to manipulate the stuff i get from api's and knowing how to build a function from start to finish without getting lost in the bigger picture. i count that i got over my mountain i placed infront of me i pushed through after being overwhelmed and i didnt give up. i was able to find the answers to the problems i was having in my code. im writing more and more functions without even looking at references. im debugging better im experiencing the hard things about the coding world and im still improving and getting better.