# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


this week was good because i understood what was being taught fairly simply and could actually use it in our daily prodjects. plus i learned a lot of valuable lessons from last week like how to ask the ta's questions if im not understanding what im doing and whatnot. i was really able to put the references to use correctly aswell. I learned this week that the backend actually is making more sense to me at the moment then the front end was and i am shocked how much i enjoy learning it. im struggling still to to some of the logic side of things and really plan out what im trying to do and effectively getting my stuff to work, but i think that will come soon. i count that i servived the super long hackothon on friday, working in a group was difficult, expecially when you are changing back and forth from the front end to the back end. and jugling ideas and different coding styles it wouldve been alot smoother i think if we were able to stay on just backend or just front end. but i enjoyed it and it was great practice.