# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

## Week One Down
- Ive done it i just wanted to write how before this week i was really stressing that i couldnt keep up with such a fast paced course. but now that i have finished week one i can tell that they have almost perfected the way to learn quickly and make it very easy for someone like me. I have enjoyed stretching my mind and learning more about the basics, and really familiuralized myself with html and css. I never imagined i could do so much so fast. although everyday ive been giving up any leisure time to make sure i finished everything and some.
- What went well this week was that i finished all the prodjects and journals with a feeling like im okay, and even the checkpoint i felt as if i knew what i was doing and could find the resourced from this week and get everything done.
- I learned that bootsrap and other resourced made styling and creating html and css so much easier and understandable. i was suprised that things from before just made sense all the sudden.
- I'm struggling of remembering all the tags and classes I need to use to do certain things and find myself looking in past prodjects and searching on google to find the simplist wat to do things.
-i count that i finished my checkpoint a great victory i was stressing about hard it would be. that and also when i figured out more simple ways to write my code in html it made me feel good or when i descovered new tags that werent talked about in class or anything it felt like i could learn new things on my own a bit. 