# Weekly Reflection

This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts

- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

## week 8 down

- this week went really well in that we all found something that interested us and we had some good ideas of how we wanted our site to look and im exited to see what we build by the end of this, we are making really good time i think, what shocked me was how much time really is needed to go into planning a prodject to be effective and really know what you are trying to do. that and also working together to make the front and back end of an application can be difficult with no communication. im struggling rn to feel confident in my ability that i know what i am doing i find myself using references a lot and im trying to really think out how to build things before looking at the references. i hope that i can just code away soon without help that is my goal. but i still count that i am understanding why we do things and when im partner programing i can effectively know what steps to take, something about just doing it myself instead of over someones shoulder is really hard. i feel confident in my ability that i can learn how to be better eventually though.
